---
uid: f401145a-63b8-48ea-a70c-820b7d58eb15
alt-uid: v2025-8-30-0
title: Version 2025.8.30.0
keywords: "versions, 2025.8.30.0"
---
<!-- Ignore Spelling: gottfriedleibniz -->

Changes made in this release:


> [!IMPORTANT]
> As of this release, only Visual Studio 2022 and later are supported.  Support for Visual Studio
> 2017 and 2019 has been dropped.  I do not use the older versions anymore, it will allow me to simplify
> the extension projects and keep the package references more up to date without the risk of breaking the build,
> and implement future features without regard to maintaining backward compatibility with the older versions.
> 
>

- Many thanks to [gottfriedleibniz](https://github.com/gottfriedleibniz "gottfriedleibniz") for replacing the `NHunspell` package
that used native code assemblies with `WeCantSpell.Hunspell`, a purely managed code
version of Hunspell that allows the spell checker extension to be installed and used in Visual Studio on ARM64
PCs.
- Fixed handling of C++ `#include/#import` preprocessor filenames.
- Fixed creation of *AnalyzerCodePath.txt* so that it always contains the
current version path.
- Fixed the solution/project XML file classifier so that it does not HTML encode Unicode
characters when getting adjusted offsets.
- In the code analyzer, removed *VSSpell002 - Ignore Word* and merged the
action with *VSSpell001 - Correct Spelling* code fix.
- Updated the English Australian, Canadian, British, and United States dictionaries with their
large versions which contain more words.
- Excluded *.slnf* and *.slnx* files from the
solution/project spell check.



## See Also


**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
