---
uid: 0374de80-9512-4b10-928f-ec3ba6caf018
alt-uid: v2023-5-8-0
title: Version 2023.5.8.0
keywords: "versions, 2023.5.8.0"
---
This release contains some significant changes:

- All of the configuration settings have been moved from the old *.vsspell* XML configuration files to
  .editorconfig settings.  This will require conversion of the old files to the new .editorconfig settings.
  See the [](@d9dc230f-ae34-464b-a3c2-4a7778907fc9) topic for details.
- The **Ignored Files** configuration category has been removed.  To disable spell check as you type,
  solution/project spell checking, or the code analyzers, add a section to the appropriate .editorconfig file and
  set the related options to No in the General Settings category.  See the global spell checker configuration for
  examples.
- Added preliminary support for spell checking identifiers in Visual Studio 2019 and 2022 for C#.  The old
  **C# Options** configuration category has been renamed [](@09cc5bfa-9eba-47e5-ba5f-a36e04f09b0d) and the
  following new options are now available:
  - Ignore identifiers if private
  - Ignore identifier if internal
  - Ignore identifier if all uppercase
  - Ignore identifiers within member bodies (local variables in properties, methods, lambdas, etc.)
  - Ignore type parameters
  - Ignore compiler generated code
- The options above only apply to the code analyzer for fixing identifiers and only in C# code right now.
  Strings and comments are still handled via the taggers as in prior releases and will work across all languages.
  The code fix will offer suggestions to correct the spelling of identifiers or add misspellings to an Ignore
  Spelling directive comment in the source code file.  Options to add it to the dictionary or an ignored words
  file are planned for a future release if I can figure out how to do it.  For now, they can be added to the
  ignored words file or dictionary file directly by editing them.  The location of the user dictionary can be
  found via the settings file on the **Dictionary Settings** page.

  See the [](@a9ff4ce1-0d6b-4376-8d32-02dae64e2075) topic for some information on issues and limitations with the
  code analyzer.

Other changes made:
- Updated the order of the ignored words files in the **Add to Ignored Words File** submenu to list those
  closest to the file being edited first and the global configuration ignored words file last.  If ignored
  words are not inherited, the list of ignored words files is also cleared now.

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
