---
uid: ec4462c0-c063-4a9a-895b-8abad08877ae
alt-uid: v2015-9-19-0
title: Version 2015.9.19.0
keywords: "versions, 2015.9.19.0"
---
<!-- Ignore spelling: Gaisie Essilfie -->

Changes in this release:

- The main feature of this release is the [new tool window](@fa790577-88c0-4141-b8f4-d8b70f625cfd) that allows
  spell checking of the entire solution, a single project, or whatever items are currently selected in the
  Solution Explorer window.
- Added support for the following new commands on the Spell Checker menu that utilize the new tool window:
  - **Spell Check Entire Solution** - Spell check the entire solution.
  - **Spell Check Current Project** - Spell check just the currently selected project.
  - **Spell Check Selected Items** - Spell check just the items selected in the Solution Explorer window
    (projects, folders, files, or any combination thereof).
  - **Open the Solution/Project Spell Checker Window** - Open the Solution/Project Spell Checker tool window but
    take no action.
- Added two new **General Settings** category properties:
  - **Include when performing solution/project spell checking** - This is available in all configuration files
    except the global configuration.  If set to No, the related file(s) will be excluded when performing a
    solution/project spell check operation.
  - **Detect doubled words** - This option allows you to disable doubled word detection if you do not find it
    useful.
- Added a new [](@6216eedb-6434-4cad-be06-576814e0b735) configuration category that allows you to define regular
  expressions that are used to exclude spans of text from the spell checking process.
- The `style` and `resheader` elements were added as default XML elements to ignore.
- Both tool windows and the configuration file editor are now theme aware and are styled accordingly based on the
  selected Visual Studio color theme.
- Added notification text to the **Dictionary Settings** configuration category page that informs the user that
  they need to add a language if necessary when editing a configuration and the list of selected languages is
  empty.
- Merged changes from Franz Alex Gaisie-Essilfie to group suggestions by word when using multiple dictionaries
  rather than by language.  This presents a more concise list of suggestions.  The language(s) for each word are
  shown after the word in the list.
- Fixed up issues in the C# comment text tagger with XML documentation comment elements that span lines and added
  support for spell checking XML documentation comment attributes and ignoring unwanted XML documentation comment
  elements based on the configuration settings (certain limitations apply).

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
