---
uid: a81683de-f3ea-4698-847a-d87c3f1e8477
alt-uid: v2016-3-12-0
title: Version 2016.3.12.0
keywords: "versions, 2016.3.12.0"
---

Changes in this release:


- Improved the performance of configuration file generation for editor spell checkers by only
searching the current solution if the potential configuration file actually exists on disk.  This significantly
improves the speed of spelling tagger creation in extremely large solutions.
- Removed the `IgnoredFiles` element from the classifications
configuration file.  This feature has been rolled into the standard spell checker configuration as the new
**Ignored Files** category which replaces the old **Excluded Filename Extensions** category.
- Replaced the **Excluded Filename Extensions** configuration file category with the new
**Ignored Files** category.  Instead of ignored extensions, you can now ignore full wildcard file patterns.
This allows ignoring files with compound extensions such as **.min.js*.  The set of ignored
files from the classifications configuration file in the prior release has been added as the default set of
ignored file wildcard patterns.
- Added an **Ignore words in mixed/camel case** option to the **General Settings**
category.  It is enabled by default.  If turned off, words in mixed/camel case will be split and spell
checked.
- Added an **Export** option to the solution/project spell check tool window grid's context
menu to export all issues, those related to the current item's project, or the those related to the current
item's file.



## See Also


**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
