---
uid: 67af1ab3-1e2b-43ee-81a0-588b0cb0d336
alt-uid: v2018-8-25-0
title: Version 2018.8.25.0
keywords: "versions, 2018.8.25.0"
---

Changes in this release:


- Fixed obtaining text from open editors in the solution/project spell checks so that it works
for document editors that implement `IVsTextBufferProvider` rather than
`IVsTextLines` such as ASP.NET editors with the split design/edit views.
- Fixed a couple of issues that were preventing adding project-level spell check configuration
files to C++ projects.
- Fixed the markdown tagger to handle the more specific classifications now being used by the
markdown extension.
- Added support for C++ raw strings to treat them like C# verbatim strings.  The handling of
verbatim and interpolated strings in the C# tagger and the word splitter was also improved.
- Added support for the Visual Studio 2017 PHP content type in the HTML tagger.
- Added support for parsing inline ASP.NET/PHP script blocks and HTML `script`
elements in web pages using the appropriate language classifier.
- Added support for Move to Next Spelling Issue and Move to Prior Spelling Issue commands on the
spell checker menu.  These can be [bound to keyboard
shortcuts](@63d5096c-6695-441d-886a-01a120f2894a) to make navigating between issues easier if you don't want to open the interactive spell
checking tool window.
- Words ignored once in open text editors are now ignored in the related files when doing a
solution/project spell check.
- Implemented support for ignored classifications to allow ignoring specific text classifications
by content type/classification in the text editor and file type/extension in solution/project spell checking.
This allows functionality similar to the options in the C# category of configuration properties without having to
have a tagger specific to each language.

  As a result, the configuration options "Ignore comments in HTML files" and "Ignore comments in
XML files" in the XML category of project properties were removed.  They will be converted to the equivalent
ignored classifications if enabled in older configuration files.  The `string`
classification for `EditorConfig` files was also moved to the default ignored
classifications in the global configuration file.
- Added support for an [Ignore Spelling
directive](@3094ee74-88ae-4355-b702-23dcd55b4197).  This is a specific text string that can be placed in a comment within a file to ignore words
that you do not want spell checked.  See the help topic for more information.  An option was added to the
solution/project spell check tool window context menu to copy the word to the clipboard using the Ignore Spelling
directive format ready for pasting into a file.



## See Also


**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
