---
uid: d5b0b38e-0abb-45b2-943f-5628da441785
alt-uid: v2015-8-15-0
title: Version 2015.8.15.0
keywords: "versions, 2015.8.15.0"
---
<!-- Ignore spelling: sr -->

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Effective with this release, Visual Studio 2010 and Visual Studio 2012 are no longer supported.
> With the release of Visual Studio 2015, I needed to reduce the number of versions for which I can realistically
> provide support. Four versions was starting to be too many.
> 
> If you need spell checking support for those versions, you can download the v2015.3.1.0 release and
> install it.  Most of the recent bug fixes have been related to changes in Visual Studio 2013 and Visual Studio
> 2015 so the prior release is quite stable.

Changes in this release

- Fixed a couple of problems retrieving the filename from the text buffer which prevented extension exclusions
  from working for certain file types or could cause an exception.
- Fixed the taggers so that the aggregators cannot be used after being disposed.
- Fixed a problem with the dictionary being accessed after the view is closed in certain situations.
- Fixed `CommentTextTagger` so that it works correctly with the new classifications in Visual Studio 2015.
- Fixed folder level configuration files not getting a *.vsspell* extension.
- Added support for skipping format specifiers in interpolated strings (`$"{Property}"`) and added a C#
  configuration option to skip them entirely.
- Added Unicode quote marks as word break characters.
- Added the ability to add file-specific settings for solution items.
- Added support for environment variable references in additional dictionary paths.
- The misspelled word can now be edited and used as the replacement or added to the dictionary in the interactive
  spell checking tool window.
- The following language dictionaries are now included by default with the package.
  - English, Australia (en-AU)
  - English, Canada (en-CA)
  - English, New Zealand (en-NZ)
  - English, South Africa (en-ZA)
  - English, United Kingdom (en-GB)
  - French, France (fr-FR)
  - German, Germany (de-DE)
  - Italian, Italy (it-IT)
  - Portuguese, Brazil (pt-BR)
  - Portuguese, Portugal (pt-PT)
  - Russian, Russia (ru-RU)
  - Serbian (sr)
  - Serbian, Latin (sr-Latn)
  - Slovenian, Slovenia (sl-SI)
  - Spanish, Spain (es-ES)

  If you have downloaded dictionaries for any of the above languages, they will override the package versions
  unless you remove your copies from the local application data folder or your solutions and projects.
- Added the ability to select multiple languages to use for spell checking.  See the **Language(s)** section of
  the [](@af34b863-6a1c-41ed-bcf2-48a714686519#Languages) topic for details on selecting them in the
  configuration files.  See the **Spell Check As You Type** and **Spell Check Current Document** sections of the
  [Usage Notes](@e339cac1-9783-4c2a-919f-88436c78fef8#SpellAsYouType) topic for details about how multiple
  languages affect those options.
- Added support for placing user dictionaries in additional dictionary paths without a matching language
  dictionary.  In such cases, the user dictionaries will be used in conjunction with the default language
  dictionaries for the matching languages.  See the **User Dictionary** section of the
  [](@af34b863-6a1c-41ed-bcf2-48a714686519#UserDictionary) topic for details.
- A [NuGet package](@df2a45c1-1996-46f6-9d33-e73f0fa1d88a) (**EWSoftware.VSSpellChecker**) is now available that
  will enable creating taggers for third-party content types.

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
