---
uid: a3eaed0f-fcf3-4df8-8889-7073395601a5
alt-uid: v2015-11-8-0
title: Version 2015.11.8.0
keywords: "versions, 2015.11.8.0"
---
<!-- Ignore spelling: Koelman -->

Changes in this release:

- Fixed the solution/project spell checking tool window so that it correctly handles projects nested within
  solution item folders.  Thanks to Bart Koelman for supplying the suggested fix for this.
- Fixed up a couple of minor issues related to handling website project filenames.
- Fixed the spell check tool windows so that the **Undo** button is enabled when only the case of the misspelled
  word changes.
- Fixed the spell check tool windows so that the **Add Word** button remains enabled when there are no
  suggestions.
- The project/solution spell check process will now stop at the exact number of maximum issues rather than
  finishing the current file.  This prevents a large number of unwanted issues from being reported if the last
  file to process is large and contains many issues.
- Updated the solution/project spell checking process to ignore escape sequences in verbatim strings when
  splitting words.  Spell check as you type will still report any text after the escape sequence as a
  misspelling.  That remains a known issue with the noted workarounds.
- Added TypeScript (*.ts*) files as a recognized file type for solution/project spell checking.
- Added support for a new **Ignore Mnemonics** general configuration option that allows ignoring mnemonics within
  spell checked words.  This can significantly reduce the number of false reports in UI label control text.
- Added support for a new **Apply To All C-Style Languages** C# configuration option.  If enabled, it applies the
  C# options to all C-style languages as applicable.

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
