---
uid: d050d252-b188-4eca-b7ab-b33f0b1b1b0a
alt-uid: v2017-8-26-0
title: Version 2017.8.26.0
keywords: "versions, 2017.8.26.0"
---
<!-- Ignore spelling: michkot -->

Changes in this release:

- Fixed the solution/project spell checker tool window so that the line text in the results grid is limited in
  length to prevent it from lagging or hanging Visual Studio when misspellings occur in files such as compressed
  JavaScript where lines can be many kilobytes in length.  Also fixed it so that the line text for misspellings
  on the very last line of the file are shown properly.
- Updated the solution/project spell checker regular expression classifier and the word splitter to detect words
  split across string literals which often happens in designer generated code such as in Windows Forms projects.
  Such split words are now joined before spell checking to reduce false misspelling reports caused by the split
  parts.
- Modified the markdown text tagger to include `md_html` spans.  This lets it include more text for spell
  checking when the classifier lumps larger blocks of text together such as in paragraphs and list elements.
- Added a new tagger and solution/project classifier definitions to support R Markdown and Latex files in R
  projects.  Support for these project types is obtained by installing the
  [R Tools for Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/rtvs/) package which is part of the
  *Data Science and Analytical Applications* workload in the Visual Studio installer.
- Added a new markdown classifier for the solution/project spell checker which excludes inline and fenced code
  elements thus reducing the number of false reports in markdown files.
- Updated the code classifier for the solution/project spell checker so that spans can be classified as
  undefined.  Such undefined spans are removed from other classified spans to reduce the number of false reports.
- Merged change from michkot to classify *.cc* and *.hh* files as C-style files.

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@548dc6d7-6d08-4006-82b3-d5830be96f04)  
